c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\obj\Debug\Cadastros1.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\obj\Debug\Cadastros1.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\obj\Debug\Cadastros1.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.BLL.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.Dto.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.ViewModel.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.DAL.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.DATA.dll
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.BLL.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.Dto.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.ViewModel.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.DAL.pdb
c:\users\joaop\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\Cadastros1.DATA.pdb
C:\Users\Joaop\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Joaop\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Cadastros1\Cadastros1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
